Add information about ice phenomena sensor to IMGW-PIB documentation (#44849)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/imgw_pib.markdown

  - **Remarks**: Not available for all hydrological stations
- **Hydrological alert**
  - **Description**: Provides information on hydrological alerts for a given river or reservoir
- **Ice phenomena**

>   - **Description**: Provides information on the percentage of ice phenomena in a river or water reservoir

Author: ```suggestion
  - **Description**: Ice phenomena sensor shows how much of the river surface is affected by ice, such as slush, ice floes, or a frozen cover
```
